
1. What best describe Machine Learning ?
Answer: It is a field of computer science that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed


2. Which statement is true:
Answer: Machine Learning is subset of Artificial Intelligence


3. Smart home, smart car are examples of:
Answer: Artificial Intelligence


4. Practise of examining large pre-existing database in order to generate new information is called:
Answer: Data mining


5. Which is not a type of Machine Learning ?
Answer: Reactive machines


6. You get bunch of photos with information about what is on them and you train a model to recognise new photos. It is an example of -
Answer: Supervised


7. You have bunch of molecules and information which are drugs and you train a model to answer whether new molecule is also a drug ?
Answer: Supervised


8. You get bunch of photos without any information of them and you train a model to recognize new photos.
Answer: Unsupervised learning. The dataset does not contain the information about the targets, it falls under unsupervised learning


9. You have bunch of users and you have to form groups of similar users.
Answer: UnSupervised learning. The dataset does not contain the information about the targets, it falls under unsupervised learning


10. Cortana or any speech automated system in your mobile phone trains your voice and then starts working based on this training.
Answer: Supervised


11. Data loading might be a problem if data is collected from different sources, the reason might be :
Answer: Data might not be consistent


12. In the Titanic problem, as mentioned in the video is the name of the person important information to find out if a person is survived or not?
Answer: No


13. Cleaning Data step does not include:
Answer: Collecting data from different sources


14. If we keep training and testing data the same for testing an algo, which statement fits best.
Answer: It is a problem as our algo might have remember train data so it gives accurate result for test data but for new data it might show big variance


15. What Boston dataset contains :
Answer: This dataset contains information collected by the U.S Census Service concerning housing in the area of Boston Mass
