
1. Rebecca wants to know how many books students in her school read over summer vacation. She attends a large school, and doesn’t have time to ask every student. Which of the following would best allow her to make generalizations about all students in her school?
Answer: Select 40 students from her school at random 


2. What is the purpose of an inferential statistical test ?
Answer: To check the probability of your results applying to the wider population


3. A random variable is -
Answer: A variable whose value is a numerical outcome associated with a random phenomenon


4. Which of the following is not a random variable?
Answer: The suit of a card randomly-selected from a 52-card deck


5. Which of the following random variables is not continuous ?
Answer: Number of goals scored by a hockey team


6. Which one of the following is a discrete random variable ?
Answer: Number of Sam's brothers and sisters


7. Is this a probability distribution ?
Answer: No, the sum of P(x) does not equal 1


8. The numbers of cheeseburgers a fast-food restaurant serves each day ?
Answer: Discrete


9. What shape is a normal distribution curve ?
Answer: Bell curve


10. Standard Normal Distribution helps in Detecting Outliers?
Answer: True, it helps


11. The z-score represents ?
Answer: The amount of standard deviations a data value is above or below the mean


12. The monthly phone bills in a city are normally distributed with a mean of 30$ and a standard deviation of 12$. Find the x-value that correspond to z-scores of 3.17 ?
Answer: $68.04


13. The values of μ = 70 , σ = 8 , x = 50 . Find z-score ?
Answer: -2.5


14. The shape of the sampling Distribution reveals the shape of population ?
Answer: False


15. 28% of all Woodrow students believe Monday will be snow day. You take a sample of 50 students and find that 15 of them believe Monday will be a snow day. What does 50 represent?
Answer: N (Sampling size)


20. What happens to the shape of a sampling distribution of sample means as n increases?
Answer: It becomes narrower and more normal


21. The symbols x̅ and σ represent the mean and standard deviation for which of the following distributions?
Answer: The Sample


22. The symbols μM and σM represent the mean and standard deviation for which of the following distributions?
Answer: The Sampling Distribution


23. The symbols μ and σ represent the mean and standard deviation for which of the following distributions?
Answer: The Population


24. The mean and standard deviation of a population are 200 and 20, respectively. The sample size is 25. What is the mean of the sampling distribution?
Answer: 200


25. The mean and standard deviation of a population are 200 and 20, respectively. Sample size is 25. What is the standard deviation of the sampling distribution?
Answer: 4
