
1. ___________is the presentation of quantitative information in a graphical form.
Answer: Data Visualisation [Data visualisation refers to techniques used to communicate insights from data through visual representation. It is the presentation of quantitative information 
in a graphical form]


2. To visualise data, you can use one of the following?
Answer: Charts, Graphs, Maps [Using visual elements like charts, graphs, and maps, data visualisation tools provide an accessible way to see and understand trends, outliers, and patterns in 
data]


3. What are the benefits of data visualisation?
Answer: Identifying patterns,  Exploring business insights [Data visualisation helps analyse a massive amount of data and make decisions based on data. Visualisation can help us deal with 
more complex information and explore business insights. Using visual elements like charts, graphs, and maps, data visualisation tools provide an accessible way to see and understand trends,
outliers, and patterns in data. However, data visualisation gives estimated results, and the answer may differ]


4. What are visual representations used for?
Answer: Bolding or Highlighting main ideas, To Communicate insights [Visual representation is more receptive & easier to understand and can communicate more to a person by observing. Visual 
representation helps communicate the given data very clearly and effectively. Also, it helps in the highlighting main ideas/ thoughts to our audience for better and easy understanding]


5. Exploratory analysis is the type of analysis used during the Storytelling phase in Data Analytics(Refer to the provided notes)
Answer: False [During the storytelling phase, we have the accurate insights drawn after performing data analysis, and now we need to explain these insights to someone else(for example, 
Stakeholders), and at that phase, Explanatory analysis is used to make others understand the insights drawn to answer our initial data analytics problem]


6. Data visualisation tool developed by Microsoft?
Answer: Power Bi [Power BI is a visualisation tool developed by Microsoft that allows users to connect to different data sources]


7. Which software has an intuitive editor known as WYSIWYG (What You See is What You Get)?
Answer: Infogram [Infogram is a web-based data visualization and infographics tool that allows users to create and share digital charts, infographics, and maps. It has an intuitive editor 
known as WYSIWYG (What You See is What You Get) editor transforms user's data into shareable infographics]


8. Which of the following reasons gives an upper edge to Tableau over other Bi tools?
Answer: Easy to learn and use interface, No Coding knowledge is required


9. Which of the following is an example of Data Visualisation that we see in our day to day life?
Answer: Stock market analysis, IPL Leaderboard, Yearly Sales analysis of a company


10. Which products belong to the tableau product family?
Answer: Tableau product family consist of multiple products like Tableau reader, Tableau Prep, Tableau Desktop, Tableau Public, Tableau Online, and Tableau Server.


11. Which Tableau product does not allow editing of data?
Answer: Tableau reader


12. Which of the following is a free version of Tableau to create visualisations?
Answer: Tableau public


13. Which of the following are the limitations of Tableau Public?
Answer: Cannot save workbook locally, Store only 10 million rows of data


14. Tableau automatically detects the data types of various fields as soon as new data gets uploaded from the source to Tableau?
Answer: True [Tableau automatically detects the data types of various fields as soon as new data gets uploaded from the source to Tableau and assigns it to the fields. You can also modify
these data types after uploading your data into Tableau]


15. Suppose we have a dataset storing details of 3 lakh students in which we have a column “BMonth” that stores the Birthday month of various students. The first ¼ Data in our dataset 
has a student’s Birthday month stored as a string (for example, “March”), and for the remaining student, it is stored in numeric form (for example, “03”). Then what could be the possible 
data type of column BMonth?
Answer: Text [Since the first 10,000 rows will have datatype Text(string), hence the column B_Month will have the same datatype as Text]


16. From where can you change the data type of a column?
Answer: The left panel of the worksheet area, Data source page


17. In the Dataset taught by the instructor, which of the following columns were automatically created by Tableau?
Answer: Measure Name, Longitude [Measure Names, Measure Values, Longitude, Latitude, and Order(Count) are some of the fields that tableau Automatically creates and are represented in 
Italics, which distinguishes them from other fields already present in our dataset]


18. Which of the following icon gives you the functionality to hover over and extract the corresponding information from the created visualization?
Answer: ToolTip [ToolTip helps to create an information chart that is highlighted when you hover over the parts of a created visualization]


19. What is the main difference between Dimension & measure?
Answer: Dimension contains qualitative values, and measure contains numeric values


20. What do Green coloured fields in the tableau indicate?
Answer: Measures and dimensions are continuous


21. What does the Number of records represent in measures?
Answer: Total number of rows


22. Tableau automatically aggregates a value when you add a _________ to the view.
Answer: Measure


23. In our Car_Sales dataset, you can plot the Vehicle Type field on the Number line.
Answer: False [Vehicle Type field is a Dimension in our dataset, and as we know dimension values cannot be plotted on a number line]