
1. Principal Component Analysis does which of the following :
Answer: Creates new features from the existing set of features that correctly describe the data


2. Which of the following are benefits of reducing features in a data-set :
Answer: Increases the speed in training time, Uses less memory


3. Principal Component Analysis algorithm affects the labels in case of classification problems. True/False?
Answer: False


4. Which of the following function of PCA object is used for training data?
Answer: pca.fit_transform()


5. How many components should be taken in PCA to obtain exactly the same value of data points after inverse_transform?
Answer: Equal to original components


6. For the code shown below which of the following is true :
	fig = plt.figure(figsize=(8, 8))
	ax = fig.add_subplot(234, projection = '3d')
Answer: Subplot is being added to 2nd row in line 2 of the code, Subplot is being added to 3rd column in line 2 of the code


7. Consider that we have a data-set named “all_data” which has 3 components( or features). What will be the number of components in this data-set after the following code:
	pca = PCA()
	transformed_data = pca.fit_transform(all_data)
Answer: 3


8. Select the correct statement(s)
Answer: We should choose only training data to apply PCA


9. Which of the following function of PCA object is used for testing data?
Answer: pca.transform()


10. Suppose there is a dataset of dimensions m*n. m data points and n features. What will be the dimensions of the covariance matrix?
Answer: n*n


11. Covariance matrix is not necessarily a symmetric matrix
Answer: False


12. SVD is applied on Covariance matrix to obtain eigenvalues and eigenvectors. Which of the following is true about it?
Answer: Eigenvectors represent the dimensions and eigenvalues are directly proportional to the co-variance in that direction


13. We have a data-set called “all_data”, shown in the figure below. What will be the shape of variable cov after running the following code :
	all_data_t = all_data.T
	cov = np.cov(all_data_t)
Answer: 3 x 3


14. A direction D1 defines a particular data-set nicely in one dimension. There will exist another direction which defines this data-set equally well?
Answer: True


15. What does PCA.explainedvariance return?
Answer: Amount of variance explained by each of selected components


16. Consider two cases for choosing the values of k. 
	CASE 1: We want to keep total of 99% of the variance for the given data. 
	CASE 2: We want to keep total of 95% of the variance for the given data. 
Choose the correct statement :
Answer: Value of k will be greater for Case 1
